[3.2] docs(listview): Revamped ListView Overview (#832)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/listview/overview.md

The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/listview" target="_blank">Blazor ListView component</a> is a fully customizable templated component that repeats your layout for each item in the data source. It lets you page the data, edit items through a dedicated edit template and also add header and footer templates.

> ## Creating Blazor ListView

Reviewer: The instructions do not mention the HeaderTemplate, and if it's optional.

You fully control the rendering of the items and their layout. You can add header, footer, and a template for editing items. [Read more about the Blazor ListView templates]({%slug listview-templates%}).

## Editing

The ListView component allows you to define a template for an item in edit mode and add command buttons for the user to edit, delete and insert items. [Read more about the Blazor ListView editing]({%slug listview-editing%}).

## Paging

You can enable automatic paging of the provided data so the user has less scrolling to do and the list can fit better in your layout. [Read more about the Blazor ListView paging]({%slug listview-paging%}).

## Refresh Data

The ListView allows you to refresh its data manually so the component can react to changes in the collection. [Read more about the Blazor ListView data refresh]({%slug listview-refresh-data%}).

## Events

The CRUD operations happen through dedicated events, and there is also an option for [load-on-demand for the data]({%slug listview-manual-operations%}), which provides you with full control over the data operations and not only the rendering. [Read more about the Blazor ListView events]({%slug listview-events%}).

> ## ListView Reference

Reviewer: The Reference section should demonstrate actual reference usage. Usually these are methods. If a component doesn't have methods, the section is not necessary.

</style>
````

## Templates

> The ListView component can fully control the rendering of the items and their layout. It has a header, footer, and template for editing items. [Read more about the Blazor ListView templates]({%slug listview-templates%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ListView allows full control of the item rendering and layout. The component has a header, footer, and template for editing items. [Read more about the Blazor ListView templates]({%slug listview-templates%}).
```

## Editing

The ListView component has functionality to put the items in edit/insert mode, as well as delete items through dedicated command buttons. [Read more about the Blazor ListView editing]({%slug listview-editing%}).

## Paging

The ListView supports automatic paging of the provided data, so the user has less scrolling to do. The list also fits better in the layout. [Read more about the Blazor ListView paging]({%slug listview-paging%}).

## Refresh Data

The ListView can refresh its data manually so the component can react to changes in the collection. [Read more about the Blazor ListView data refresh]({%slug listview-refresh-data%}).

## Events

> The ListView provides events related to editing, and there is also an option for [loading data on demand]({%slug listview-manual-operations%}). [Read more about the Blazor ListView events]({%slug listview-events%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ListView provides events related to editing and [loading data on demand]({%slug listview-manual-operations%}). [Read more about the Blazor ListView events]({%slug listview-events%}).
```

## Next Steps

> * [Use the ListView Templates]({%slug listview-templates%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Implement ListView Templates]({%slug listview-templates%})
```

> * [Use the ListView Editing]({%slug listview-editing%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Enable ListView Editing]({%slug listview-editing%})
```

}
````

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: Use a list.
